during the year under review at all time
or forty 4748 cases were reported this
was revealed by the rouse ones and
police annual report for 2015 with a
report on an annual basis at the end of
the government financial year government
ministries and various departments under
these ministries are expected to present
reports on how they have to divide in
that different responsibilities one of
the reasons that make these reports
important is that they help government
to assess herself in as far as service
delivery to the country's citizens is
concerned in confirma t2 this
expectation the resultant police has
published its annual report to arraign
at the statistics show a slight increase
in the number of cases reported to the
police countrywide like we have
mentioned that we have sim police
officers what we had in different
portfolios and different department to
ensure the safety of the people in the
country and their properties as well
such that we happened to have a number
of cases that were reported and worked
with them as successfully we're happy to
see some reduction on some of the
criminal offenses reported in the
department because that it shows we were
able to prevent as much as we can those
offences especially the meta cases they
showed a decrease the armed robberies
shoulder it decreases and as well as dog
depth which shows that we worked so
successfully in those regard as much as
we do see an increase on some of the
criminal offenses that is not a sign of
having a number of those cases as such
but it is a sign that police officers
are visible up everywhere to ensure that
crime is depressed in whatever way me we
do have people who I'm the organizations
but will find themselves in such
activities so sometimes people worry
that the policies are as police officer
we also have a department or a portfolio
in the organization that specializes on
policing us as police officers we expect
a police officer to lead by example so
if ever someone is a police officer and
happens to be involved in any criminal
activity serious steps are taken against
oppressive the rails and police say they
will continue with campaigns to reach
out to the public so that their service
can be easily accessible to the strands
a nation reporting for Swansea TV news I
am Polydamas iam with the moment to be
at Matata